And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
